Imagine you are writing a Poetry and you don't like the current version of your poetry. So you create a first draft of it. After that you stand up and relaxed your mind and came back with new 
lines and new ideas for your poetry. 
Now here you have a couple of options --- either you can write directly in the original file or the draft.
What you would want you won't like to make changes in the original one, rather you would choose to go for creating a new draft file for your poetry that is going to contain your current original version of the poetry as well as it will have
new lines which you came up with. 
This way you can go on and keep creating multiple drafts of the poetry until you get the desired one or atleast you feel like you have written something
worthwhile. 
One drawback of going with this is that you will have to keep track of all of your drafts and files and that is not what you want.

Git is a version control software that can help you in tracking all those files and the changes you have constantly been making into your original file.
You can make a particular change in the file and then commit it (save it) and you can do multiple commits (snapshots) without being worried about
having to keep multiple files. 
Later on you can track all the history of all the commits or the changes you have made in a single click or in a single place.

For every commit you make, there is a unique identifier or the hash associated with it with which you can see all your past commits.

GitHub is a web service where you can sign up and have an account and do Git things on a server, on a website.
GitHub kind of runs the Git software behind the scenes. Some people call it social coding.

A README is a special kind of file that goes in your repository that says, this repository is a repository for poems about rainbows.

Repository is the repository of the stuff.

Summary
------------------
Git is a version control software.
GitHub is a website where you can do projects that have version control on them .
You can make a repository where you can add files to the repository then you can make changes to those files by making commits and those commits allow you to browse the history and each of those commits has a unique identifier for it

Branching, Pull Request and Merging
 A pull request is saying, take some changes from a particular branch and bring them into another branch 


